[Feat-30] moonguard docs 1.2.0 (#31)
taecontrol/larastats-docs: docs/uptime/uptime.md

:::

Afterwards, you view the uptime information in the Dashboard panel. If the site

> is up, the uptime check will fail and show a **UP**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is up, the uptime check will succeed and display a **UP** indicator.
```

> is up, the uptime check will succeed and display a **UP** indicator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is up, the uptime check will succeed and display an **UP** indicator.
```
